TERMS AND CONDITION:

Last updated January 19, 2024

AGREEMENT TO OUR LEGAL TERMS

We are PIXLLOVE SOCIAL MEDIA APPLICATIONS DEVELOPMENT AND MANAGEMENT L.L.C, doing business as Pixl-develop (“Company,” “we,” “us,” “our”), a company registered in the United Arab Emirates at Building Name – ALSUAIDI / Plot Number 247-0 / Property Number 1F01, Dubai.

We operate the website http://www.pixl-develop.com (the “Site”), as well as any other related products and services that refer or link to these legal terms (the “Legal Terms”) (collectively, the “Services”).

You can contact us by phone at (+971)52 993 7054, email at contact@pixl-develop.com, or by mail to Building Name – ALSUAIDI / Plot Number 247-0 / Property Number 1F01, Dubai, United Arab Emirates.

These Legal Terms constitute a legally binding agreement made between you, whether personally or on behalf of an entity (“you”), and PIXLLOVE SOCIAL MEDIA APPLICATIONS DEVELOPMENT AND MANAGEMENT L.L.C, concerning your access to and use of the Services. You agree that by accessing the Services, you have read, understood, and agreed to be bound by all of these Legal Terms. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH ALL OF THESE LEGAL TERMS, THEN YOU ARE EXPRESSLY PROHIBITED FROM USING THE SERVICES AND YOU MUST DISCONTINUE USE IMMEDIATELY.

Supplemental terms and conditions or documents that may be posted on the Services from time to time are hereby expressly incorporated herein by reference. We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to make changes or modifications to these Legal Terms from time to time. We will alert you about any changes by updating the “Last updated” date of these Legal Terms, and you waive any right to receive specific notice of each such change. It is your responsibility to periodically review these Legal Terms to stay informed of updates. You will be subject to, and will be deemed to have been made aware of and to have accepted, the changes in any revised Legal Terms by your continued use of the Services after the date such revised Legal Terms are posted.

All users who are minors in the jurisdiction in which they reside (generally under the age of 18) must have the permission of, and be directly supervised by, their parent or guardian to use the Services. If you are a minor, you must have your parent or guardian read and agree to these Legal Terms prior to you using the Services.

We recommend that you print a copy of these Legal Terms for your records.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

OUR SERVICES
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS
USER REPRESENTATIONS
PRODUCTS
PURCHASES AND PAYMENT
REFUNDSPOLICY
PROHIBITED ACTIVITIES
USER GENERATED CONTRIBUTIONS
CONTRIBUTIONLICENSE
ADVERTISERS
SERVICES MANAGEMENT
PRIVACY POLICY
TERM AND TERMINATION
MODIFICATIONS AND INTERRUPTIONS
GOVERNING LAW
DISPUTE RESOLUTION
CORRECTIONS
DISCLAIMER
LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY
INDEMNIFICATION
USER DATA
ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS, TRANSACTIONS, AND SIGNATURES
MISCELLANEOUS
CONTACT US

OUR SERVICES

The information provided when using the Services is not intended for distribution to or use by any person or entity in any jurisdiction or country where such distribution or use would be contrary to law or regulation or which would subject us to any registration requirement within such jurisdiction or country. Accordingly, those persons who choose to access the Services from other locations do so on their own initiative and are solely responsible for compliance with local laws, if and to the extent local laws are applicable.

INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS

Our intellectual property

We are the owner or the licensee of all intellectual property rights in our Services, including all source code, databases, functionality, software, website designs, audio, video, text, photographs, and graphics in the Services (collectively, the “Content”), as well as the trademarks, service marks, and logos contained therein (the “Marks”).

Our Content and Marks are protected by copyright and trademark laws (and various other intellectual property rights and unfair competition laws) and treaties in the United States and around the world.

The Content and Marks are provided in or through the Services “AS IS” for your personal, non-commercial use or internal business purpose only.

Your use of our Services

Subject to your compliance with these Legal Terms, including the “PROHIBITED ACTIVITIES” section below, we grant you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, revocable license to:

access the Services; and
download or print a copy of any portion of the Content to which you have properly gained access.

solely for your personal, non-commercial use or internal business purpose.

Except as set out in this section or elsewhere in our Legal Terms, no part of the Services and no Content or Marks may be copied, reproduced, aggregated, republished, uploaded, posted, publicly displayed, encoded, translated, transmitted, distributed, sold, licensed, or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose whatsoever, without our express prior written permission.

If you wish to make any use of the Services, Content, or Marks other than as set out in this section or elsewhere in our Legal Terms, please address your request to: contact@pixl-develop.com. If we ever grant you the permission to post, reproduce, or publicly display any part of our Services or Content, you must identify us as the owners or licensors of the Services, Content, or Marks and ensure that any copyright or proprietary notice appears or is visible on posting, reproducing, or displaying our Content.

We reserve all rights not expressly granted to you in and to the Services, Content, and Marks.

Any breach of these Intellectual Property Rights will constitute a material breach of our Legal Terms and your right to use the Services will terminate immediately.

Your submissions and contributions

Please review this section and the “PROHIBITED ACTIVITIES” section carefully prior to using our Services to understand the (a) rights you give us and (b) obligations you have when you post or upload any content through the Services.

Submissions: By directly sending us any question, comment, suggestion, idea, feedback, or other information about the Services (“Submissions”), you agree to assign to us all intellectual property rights in such Submission. You agree that we shall own this Submission and be entitled to its unrestricted use and dissemination for any lawful purpose, commercial or otherwise, without acknowledgment or compensation to you.

Contributions: The Services may invite you to chat, contribute to, or participate in blogs, message boards, online forums, and other functionality during which you may create, submit, post, display, transmit, publish, distribute, or broadcast content and materials to us or through the Services, including but not limited to text, writings, video, audio, photographs, music, graphics, comments, reviews, rating suggestions, personal information, or other material (“Contributions”). Any Submission that is publicly posted shall also be treated as a Contribution.

You understand that Contributions may be viewable by other users of the Services.

When you post Contributions, you grant us a license (including use of your name, trademarks, and logos): By posting any Contributions, you grant us an unrestricted, unlimited, irrevocable, perpetual, non-exclusive, transferable, royalty-free, fully-paid, worldwide right, and license to: use, copy, reproduce, distribute, sell, resell, publish, broadcast, retitle, store, publicly perform, publicly display, reformat, translate, excerpt (in whole or in part), and exploit your Contributions (including, without limitation, your image, name, and voice) for any purpose, commercial, advertising, or otherwise, to prepare derivative works of, or incorporate into other works, your Contributions, and to sublicense the licenses granted in this section. Our use and distribution may occur in any media formats and through any media channels.

This license includes our use of your name, company name, and franchise name, as applicable, and any of the trademarks, service marks, trade names, logos, and personal and commercial images you provide.

You are responsible for what you post or upload: By sending us Submissions and/or posting Contributions through any part of the Services or making Contributions accessible through the Services by linking your account through the Services to any of your social networking accounts, you:

confirm that you have read and agree with our “PROHIBITED ACTIVITIES” and will not post, send, publish, upload, or transmit through the Services any Submission nor post any Contribution that is illegal, harassing, hateful, harmful, defamatory, obscene, bullying, abusive, discriminatory, threatening to any person or group, sexually explicit, false, inaccurate, deceitful, or misleading;
to the extent permissible by applicable law, waive any and all moral rights to any such Submission and/or Contribution;
warrant that any such Submission and/or Contributions are original to you or that you have the necessary rights and licenses to submit such Submissions and/or Contributions and that you have full authority to grant us the above-mentioned rights in relation to your Submissions and/or Contributions; and
warrant and represent that your Submissions and/or Contributions do not constitute confidential information.

You are solely responsible for your Submissions and/or Contributions and you expressly agree to reimburse us for any and all losses that we may suffer because of your breach of (a) this section, (b) any third party’s intellectual property rights, or (c) applicable law.

We may remove or edit your Content: Although we have no obligation to monitor any Contributions, we shall have the right to remove or edit any Contributions at any time without notice if in our reasonable opinion we consider such Contributions harmful or in breach of these Legal Terms. If we remove or edit any such Contributions, we may also suspend or disable your account and report you to the authorities.

USER REPRESENTATIONS

By using the Services, you represent and warrant that: (1) you have the legal capacity and you agree to comply with these Legal Terms; (2) you are not a minor in the jurisdiction in which you reside, or if a minor, you have received parental permission to use the Services; (3) you will not access the Services through automated or non-human means, whether through a bot, script or otherwise; (4) you will not use the Services for any illegal or unauthorized purpose; and (5) your use of the Services will not violate any applicable law or regulation.

If you provide any information that is untrue, inaccurate, not current, or incomplete, we have the right to suspend or terminate your account and refuse any and all current or future use of the Services (or any portion thereof).

PRODUCTS

All products are subject to availability. We reserve the right to discontinue any products at any time for any reason. Prices for all products are subject to change.

PURCHASES AND PAYMENT

We accept the following forms of payment:

– Visa
– Mastercard
– American Express
– PayPal

You agree to provide current, complete, and accurate purchase and account information for all purchases made via the Services. You further agree to promptly update account and payment information, including email address, payment method, and payment card expiration date, so that we can complete your transactions and contact you as needed. Sales tax will be added to the price of purchases as deemed required by us. We may change prices at any time. All payments shall be in Dirham.

You agree to pay all charges at the prices then in effect for your purchases and any applicable shipping fees, and you authorize us to charge your chosen payment provider for any such amounts upon placing your order. We reserve the right to correct any errors or mistakes in pricing, even if we have already requested or received payment.

We reserve the right to refuse any order placed through the Services. We may, in our sole discretion, limit or cancel quantities purchased per person, per household, or per order. These restrictions may include orders placed by or under the same customer account, the same payment method, and/or orders that use the same billing or shipping address. We reserve the right to limit or prohibit orders that, in our sole judgment, appear to be placed by dealers, resellers, or distributors.

REFUNDSPOLICY

All sales are final and no refund will be issued.
